Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
I'm glad you all joined me again today to pray.
We have a lot of work to do, but I just want to give you all a testimony real quick about a lady who asked for prayer.
She reached out to us and said she broke four ribs.
I prayed for her on this video, and she was in a lot of pain with a broken hip and ribs.
It was very painful for her.
She contacted us and said, "When you were praying and believing for my healing, I just want to let you know the Lord healed me.
" I just want to give all the glory, honor, and praise to the Lord Jesus Christ.
He is the Healer, healing the sick the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is a good God and a Healer.
That’s why I have this shirt here; I want this to stand bold in black and white: "Jesus the Healer.
" He is a Healer and he is still healing the sick today.
I’m bold about it because I've seen it time and time again.
We are healed; we have to take it by faith.
You’ve got to reach out and grab the hem of His garment by faith and call those things that be not as though they were.
I’m excited about that.
I just wanted to give God praise and a testimony that He is doing miracles through this YouTube channel.
I’m believing for your manifestation.
There’s a gentleman named Keith R whose last name starts with an R for privacy's sake.
He writes us well-written letters that bless me every single time.
He’s just so awesome the way he talks about his family and what he’s going through.
He’s an elderly gentleman, but we look forward to him writing to us.
We’ve kept every single letter; they are very precious to us.
He is asking for his children to come home to the Lord.
They are very liberal and need a touch.
I’m going to believe God with him today.
I felt the cry for the children to come home in the letter, and it really moved me today.
The Lord was showing me there are so many of you with wayward children.
You feel like you're at the end of your rope sometimes, feeling there's no hope because they are so lost.
When you're at the end of the rope, Jesus has grabbed onto the rope with you.
When all else is left to do, stand therefore.
I want to encourage every one of you: do not give up on your unsaved loved ones.
When I had my visitation over two weeks ago, the Lord told me, "You must pray for the blinders to come off their eyes and that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened," for Satan blinds the eyes of the unbeliever so they can't see the light of the truth.
The Bible says to train up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they will not depart from it.
Regardless of whether they are wayward, they are going to come back because those seeds of truth are planted inside of them.
It doesn't matter if you feel you never trained them up; God is merciful and we can turn them around by prayer.
First, it was on my heart to pray for the nation.
We've seen some good fruit in the media.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways—look at what's happening.
We see prayer groups and churches.
Even with praying over President Trump, JD Vance came out and said, "Jesus is Lord.
" That’s a big statement for a politician to declare behind the podium.
He said he got baptized; he even said it in 2019.
To God be the glory for him being so bold about his faith.
Keep on keeping on; we can't give up now.
When you have momentum in the spirit realm, that’s when you push harder.
You’ve got to make that devil a roadkill spot.
It's like hitting an old roadkill; you keep grinding it down into the concrete.
We keep knocking him in the head until he gets tired and goes away for a season.
We have that kind of authority.
The same Jesus Christ of Nazareth who was raised 2,000 years ago dwells on the inside of you.
He is no respecter of persons.
The same Jesus that lives in me lives in you.
We have authority over the devil because the Bible tells us we do.
We cannot just pray a weak, anemic prayer.
It’s time we get bold about our faith and know that all things are possible to him who believes.
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
I’m using Keith R's children as a point of contact for every one of you.
There’s power in taking the care out of your prayer.
Take your eyes off the problem and look at Jesus because He is the answer.
He has America, Australia, Canada, and Asia.
We will see the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God this world has yet seen.
Father, we thank You for Keith R's children and we call all these children in right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, take your hands off our children and their eyes.
We say they are saved, filled with the Holy Ghost, and on fire for Jesus.
They are no longer wayward; they are coming home.
This is the time for them to get radically born again.
Father, we stand in the gap interceding for them.
Angels, go on behalf of each person with wayward children.
We call forth results.
It will be first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
It’s time for a great acceleration.
Every person represented here today, their children are wayward no more.
We say they are saved and filled with the Holy Ghost.
We take authority over the blinders over the unbelievers' eyes.
We call in the Lord of the Harvest to bring in those children, relatives, husbands, or wives.
We call for the hardness of their hearts to be soft to the gospel.
We thank You, Lord, that they are calling today to say, "I am coming home; I want to be born again.
" I stand in agreement with every one of you.
Father, we take communion over it.
You are a Healer and a Deliverer.
Bring those family members home because their eyes are open to the error of their ways.
They don't want to go to hell; they are having an inward experience with the Holy Spirit to wake them up.
We believe by faith that our children are coming home.
We are healed and whole.
No viruses will come nigh us this winter—no flu, no pestilence, no plagues, no nothing comes nigh us; Father, we walk in divine health.
No respiratory infections; we call our bodies healed.
For You were wounded for our transgressions and by Your stripes we are healed.
I call forth new hearts, even for Sherry.
Sherry needs a new heart.
We thank You for a creative miracle in Sherry's heart, even with that pacemaker.
We speak to that heart: be healed in the name of Jesus.
No more fear or torment over you.
We take authority over that demonic spirit and command it to go now.
Fill your mind and spirit with God's word and meditate on it like medicine.
Let it become rhema in your spirit.
The heart is related to fear.
Meditate on the word, for the truth will set you free.
Get your heart lined up with the word, for the Bible says that men's hearts will fail them for fear.
You've got to get fear out, for fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
It may take having less time on social media or YouTube and getting the word inside because His words are life and health to all flesh.
Sherry, turn the ship around because the Lord still has work for you to do.
Do not have fear about what is coming upon the earth.
Spend time with Him.
Father, I thank You for the Covenant.
Your promises are yes and amen.
I call forth healing over these bodies, hearts, and minds.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank You for the blood.
If we make much of the blood, the blood will make much of us.
We take the care out of our prayer.
We confidently trust in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
We call their eyes to be open.
For Keith R's children and all those we stand in the gap for, we thank You, Father.
This will be the greatest miracle-working year.
Even before Thanksgiving, before November 27th, I believe there will be peace in the home with joy.
It will be a time of Heaven on Earth in your homes.
Having peace in the home is everything.
I believe this will be the greatest holiday season you've ever had.
We apply the blood over your children, husbands, and wives.
We apply the blood over people tormented in the mind with depression or satanic bondage.
We renew our minds with the word of God.
When the waves and winds of life come and your house is planted upon the Rock, your house will stand.
You’ve got to have your faith planted in the Lord Jesus Christ.
The word will set the captives free.
You can't stay free without the word of God down inside your heart.
Listen to preachers like Brother Hagin or John Kilpatrick, but you must have the word in you.
I knew I wasn't going to preach today, but it’s coming out of my spirit.
You’ve got to get angry at the devil.
You can't be passive about a devil trying to kill you.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
Jesus is coming; get your lamps filled with oil.
I take this blood and apply it over our children.
I anoint my children with oil.
This represents the blood of Jesus.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and on fire for Jesus.
I anoint my children before they go to school.
I plead the blood of Jesus over you.
I anoint their bodies.
No sickness or virus comes in your nose at school; my house is covered.
I anoint the back of their neck and their head; they have the mind of Christ.
I prayed over Megan, and she is getting better and better.
I see the fruit there.
She is turning around, and I give God glory for it.
One day she will come on here and give her testimony.
She will be viral, showing that Jesus is the Healer to those who believe.
Jesus is faithful.
Anoint your bedposts.
If you have a spouse who is a rascal or in sin, anoint them with oil and pray over them in their sleep.
Anoint their pillow and headboard.
Apply the blood over your car, doorposts, and windows.
When you make much of the blood, the blood will make much of you.
No calamity shall come nigh you.
Father, we believe for America.
It's on my heart to keep praying for Donald Trump and for all corruption to be uncovered.
Only an awakening unto God will save America, but I believe You put Donald J.
Trump in this position to lead us.
I pray for supernatural wisdom over his mind.
I speak boldness about his faith.
Father, appear before him and shake him in the midnight hour.
Call him to his knees for such a time as this.
I thank You for a move of Your presence in the White House.
JD Vance and all the cabinet members—we receive this by faith.
Anyone who decrees that Jesus is Lord from a political platform is a shoo-in.
I thank You that the people of God would rise up and vote righteously, not moved by gender, race, or color of skin, but by biblical principles.
We vote for what You call godly.
You are the pilot of our ship.
Father, I thank You that President Trump is who You've picked.
Anoint him and appoint him.
We ask You to remove the evil people coming against him.
We speak a shaking in the Democratic party and an exposing of all darkness.
We call forth righteousness and truth.
Let the blinders on every race's eyes be removed concerning their voting for Kamala Harris.
I call for an exposing of this so they would come to their senses.
Even people who are not believers would say, "What am I doing?
They are ruining our country.
" We call for a supernatural turn of events in the polls.
We are moved by what the word says.
We call forth a red tsunami wave in the House, the Senate, the presidency, and in our judges.
If there is voter fraud or corruption, we call for it to be exposed.
We call for a free and fair election.
You told me a great shaking is coming over finances, and we will be ready.
You warned me about the four oak trees, Lord.
You told me to get my house prepared.
I thank You that You will always protect and provide for Your beloved regardless of what happens with the finances.
We will have a turn of events and we will be blessed in the city and the field.
Even if the house has rotten boards, we can rebuild because the foundation is built on Jesus.
We took communion at Plymouth Rock.
Our foundation is "In God We Trust.
" We put God at the forefront of our nation again.
We worship You, Lord, that You are not done with America.
An October surprise is not a bad thing; it’s a surprise that the glory is here.
We refuse to allow terrorism.
We take authority over terrorist activity.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
You will not cause any kind of demonic hindrance in our election.
We call forth a supernatural exposing of darkness and an acceleration of the glory of the Lord.
Peace will reign over this nation.
We lift up the nation of Canada.
We call for Justin Trudeau to be removed in Jesus' name.
We intercede on behalf of other nations.
We call for righteous indignation to rise up in Canada.
We pray for Australia, England, France, all of Europe, Asia, Africa, and South Africa.
There will be a great harvest and a move of the Spirit of God.
We call for a spirit of boldness over the people.
It will happen again: one last revival and a great harvest of souls.
Father, I thank You that people will vote and not be tricked by wording regarding abortion.
I call for the righteous to rise up and vote righteous.
I ask the Holy Spirit to work on hearts and give them a supernatural tug of compassion.
I call for the Holy Spirit to take over in the voting booth.
Convict them of going the wrong way.
Give them an experience with You at that voting booth.
After the elections, let there be a peaceful transition of power on January 6th and January 21st.
Peace that passes understanding.
This has been bathed in prayer by millions.
We trust You confidently.
There will be life in the mother’s womb and no death.
This stops now.
Life will be life.
We pray for the hearts of the women and their decisions.
We pray for children diagnosed in the womb with learning disabilities or birth defects.
We call forth wholeness in that womb.
We pray for new sonograms and ultrasounds to show healing.
Every child will be whole and well.
This spirit of murder is bound.
We call for peace in all areas.
Holy Spirit, pray through us in a heavenly language.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We pray over Nevada and the swing states.
We call the swing states to a red wave in the name of Jesus.
We believe You are able to do exceedingly abundantly above all we ask.
Perfect prayers are coming out of our spirit.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
Expose the darkness in Jesus' name.
We have fire in our bones.
We are bold about taking our land back for Jesus.
I believe we received what we prayed today.
If you haven't subscribed, please subscribe.
We’re doing 30 days of prayer for America and the nations.
Like the video and click the notification bell to help us get the videos out.
If you want something in the natural to change, you have to start it in the supernatural.
What you pray forth into the spirit realm will manifest into the natural.
We speak a blessing over your households, finances, jobs, raises, and bonuses.
We are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
You enlarge our territory and cause no pain.
It comes to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
Amen.